=head2 Major pipeline scripts

=over

=item L<bs-seq.pl|bs-seq.pl>

Original bi-sulfite methylation detection script.

=item L<bs-sequel.pl|bs-sequel.pl>

New version of bs-seq.pl.  

=item L<bastard_imprinting.pl|bastard_imprinting.pl>

Bi-sulfite allele specific processing.  Analyze bisulfite-treated data to find
reads that map better to one parent or the other.

=item L<divorce_imprinting.pl|divorce_imprinting.pl>

gDNA allele specific processing.  Analyze gDNA reads and find reads that map
better to one parent than the other.  

=back

=head2 Windowing

=over

=item L<window_gff.pl|window_gff.pl>

Handle arbitrary windowing tasks against both fixed windows and annotations.  
Versatile but also slow and memory intensive.

=item L<compile_gff.pl|compile_gff.pl>

Specialized script for handling single-c windowing over a fixed window of size 1.  Will be deprecated by
window_by_fixed.pl.

=item L<window_by_fixed.pl|window_by_fixed.pl>

Specialized script for handling single-c windowing over a fixed windows of arbitrary size.

=item L<overlaps_gff.pl|overlaps_gff.pl>

Given an gff annotation and an input gff file, return GFF lines which overlap a feature in the annotation.

=back

=head2 Ends analysis scripts.

=over

=item L<ends_analysis.pl|ends_analysis.pl>

=item L<average_ends_new.pl|average_ends_new.pl>

=item L<ends_filter.pl|ends_filter.pl>

=item L<filter_ends.pl|filter_ends.pl>

=back

=head2 AGP scaffolding

=over

=item L<agp_confirm.pl|agp_confirm.pl>

=item L<agp.pl|agp.pl>

=back

=head2 Genome comparison/contrasting

=over

=item L<genome_diff.pl|genome_diff.pl>

Given two fasta files with the same number of sequences and bases for each sequence,
produce point-wise difference from one to the other, formatted in GFF.

=item L<genome_patch.pl|genome_patch.pl>

Inverse of genome_diff.pl.  Given a fasta file and a point-wise difference file, produce new fasta.

=item L<genome_make_dictionary.pl|genome_make_dictionary.pl>

=back

=head2 Other neat stuff that you might find useful

=over

=item L<gff2tsv.pl|gff2tsv.pl>

=item L<rename_feature.pl|rename_feature.pl>

=item L<parse_fasta.pl|parse_fasta.pl>

Grab an arbitrary subsequence in a fasta file.

=item L<fastq_read_length.pl|fastq_read_length.pl>

Tell you how long reads are in a FASTQ file.

=item L<fisher_exact_test.pl|fisher_exact_test.pl>

=back


=head2 Other neat stuff that you probability won't find useful directly

Mostly scripts used internally by the main pipeline scripts.

=over

=item L<correlatePairedEnds.pl|correlatePairedEnds.pl>

=item L<correlateSingleEnds.pl|correlateSingleEnds.pl>

=item L<countMethylation_batch.pl|countMethylation_batch.pl>

=item L<countMethylation.pl|countMethylation.pl>

=item L<convert.pl|convert.pl>

=item L<create_scaffold.pl|create_scaffold.pl>

=item L<fasta_bsrc.pl|fasta_bsrc.pl>

=item L<fasta_motifs.pl|fasta_motifs.pl>

=item L<fastq_check_integrity.pl|fastq_check_integrity.pl>

=item L<make_intron_gff.pl|make_intron_gff.pl>

=item L<split_on_mismatches_2.pl|split_on_mismatches_2.pl>

=item L<split_on_mismatches.pl|split_on_mismatches.pl>

=item L<split_ratio.pl|split_ratio.pl>

=item L<parse_bowtie.pl|parse_bowtie.pl>

=back
