=head2 Major pipeline scripts

=over

=item L<bs-seq.pl>

Original bi-sulfite methylation detection script.

=item L<bs-sequel.pl>

New version of bs-seq.pl.  Improved logging, command-line argument processing, 
official support for single-end-single-side analysis.  

=item L<bastard_imprinting.pl>

Bi-sulfite allele specific processing.  Analyze bisulfite-treated data to find
reads that map better to one parent or the other.

=item L<divorce_imprinting.pl>

gDNA allele specific processing.  Analyze gDNA reads and find reads that map
better to one parent than the other.  

=back

=head2 Windowing

=over

=item L<window_gff.pl>

Handle arbitrary windowing tasks against both fixed windows and annotations.  
Versatile but also slow and memory intensive.

=item L<compile_gff.pl>

Specialized script for handling single-c windowing over a fixed window of size 1.  Will be deprecated by
window_by_fixed.pl.

=item L<window_by_fixed.pl>

Specialized script for handling single-c windowing over a fixed windows of arbitrary size.

=item L<overlaps_gff.pl>

Given an gff annotation and an input gff file, return GFF lines which overlap a feature in the annotation.

=back

=head2 Ends analysis scripts.

=over

=item L<ends_analysis.pl>

Perform ends analysis on single-c files.

=item L<average_ends_new.pl>

Produce average of ends.  Run on the output of ends_analysis.pl.

=item L<ends_filter.pl>

Given an ends file, the gene annotation file which was used to produce it, and another (usually exon) annotation,
delete all non-exon bin scores.

=back

=head2 Genome comparison/contrasting

=over

=item L<genome_diff.pl>

Given two fasta files with the same number of sequences and bases for each
sequence, produce point-wise difference from one to the other, formatted in
GFF.

=item L<genome_patch.pl>

Inverse of genome_diff.pl.  Given a fasta file and a point-wise difference
file, produce new fasta.

=item L<genome_make_dictionary.pl>

Using nucmer (from the MUMMER package), create a coord-to-coord map from one
set of sequences to another.  

=back

=head2 Other neat stuff that you might find useful

=over

=item L<gff2tsv.pl>

Convert a GFF file to a tab-separated file.  In particular, it split the
attributes column (column 9) into individual columns.  Useful before loading
into spreadsheet.

=item L<rename_feature.pl>

Rename feature (column 3) of a GFF file.  Useful before visualizing in signalmap.

=item L<parse_fasta.pl>

Grab an arbitrary subsequence in a fasta file.

=item L<fastq_read_length.pl>

Tell you how long reads are in a FASTQ file.

=item L<fisher_exact_test.pl>

=back


=head2 AGP scaffolding

=over

=item L<agp.pl>

=item L<agp_confirm.pl>

=back

=head2 Other neat stuff that you probability won't find useful directly

Mostly scripts used internally by the main pipeline scripts.

=over

=item L<correlatePairedEnds.pl>

=item L<correlateSingleEnds.pl>

=item L<countMethylation_batch.pl>

=item L<countMethylation.pl>

=item L<convert.pl>

=item L<create_scaffold.pl>

=item L<fasta_bsrc.pl>

=item L<fasta_motifs.pl>

=item L<fastq_check_integrity.pl>

=item L<make_intron_gff.pl>

=item L<split_on_mismatches_2.pl>

=item L<split_on_mismatches.pl>

=item L<split_ratio.pl>

=item L<parse_bowtie.pl>

=back
